Update docs on building inputs (#685)
broadinstitute/gatk-sv: website/docs/advanced/build_inputs.md

---

> title: Default inputs
> description: Building default inputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Building inputs
description: Building work input json files
```

   `"my-terra-billing-project"` with your project and billing IDs. 

    ```shell
    echo '{ "google_project_id": "my-google-project-id", "terra_billing_project_id": "my-terra-billing-project" }' > inputs/values/google_cloud.my_project.json
    ```

3. Create test inputs.

    ```shell
    bash scripts/inputs/build_default_inputs.sh -d . -c google_cloud.my_project 
    ```
   
    Running this command generates test inputs in `gatk-sv/inputs/build` with the following structure. 

   ```shell
   inputs/build
   ├── NA12878
   │   ├── terra
   │   └── test
   ├── NA19240
   │   └── test
   ├── hgdp
   │   └── test
   └── ref_panel_1kg
       ├── terra
       └── test
   ```

## Building inputs for specific use-cases (Advanced)

### Build for batched workflows

```shell
python scripts/inputs/build_inputs.py \
  inputs/values \
  inputs/templates/test/GATKSVPipelineSingleSample \
  inputs/build/NA19240/test \
  -a '{ "test_batch" : "ref_panel_1kg", "cloud_env": "google_cloud.my_project" }'
```

### Generating a reference panel

This section only applies to the single-sample mode. 
New reference panels can be generated from a single run of the 
`GATKSVPipelineBatch` workflow. 

> If using a Cromwell server, we recommend copying the outputs to a p
> ermanent location by adding the following option to the workflow configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using a Cromwell server, we recommend copying the outputs to a 
permanent location by adding the following option to the workflow configuration file:
```

Reviewer: Link "workflow configuration" to the Cromwell docs so it's clear which file we're referring to: https://cromwell.readthedocs.io/en/latest/wf_options/Overview/
